hi today we're going on baths and has
boils b-daman crossfire BD o to lighten
Finn Webbie fire-type there was a this
is a handsome aversion a BM on cross
fight the Japanese Tokyo Tower one was
BMI crossfire this is the American
version I light a fin he's the way of a
fire-type go set the down first side
unless it where is it here you go
japanese it was cod CB o-- to one side
shart the US one as we see anyway here
is cod be d 0 2 Lightning thin what's
really out of why he was like him Finn I
know it is the weapon fire type but it
could just one was the wood so talk to
you Tommy Japanese one of one-sided
shark um let's see well we have here
battle online free p.m. on FB of
montbello com cold inside be do too
ready aim cross fight b-daman crossfire
total tardy operation light in fin one
side core power flea position fleet will
be fire sets foot bomber battlefield
better online vbm on app via AOL com to
redeem points to a lot a virtual BMR
fitter scam fear was the appt go to be
up bales calm and your code screen
crutches card in app to reveal that
virtual beer mon image inc
tips alright so let's open him up with
this be one cross fight instruction
booklet how install the pin will put be
about how far to be about how to take
apart be among pretty simple it's
obvious let's see what we get flip in
I'll leave those in there for a second
so what you're supposed to do is take
this and shove it in there this part
goes on top like that you want to come
give me a good little push down to make
sure it's on there and supposed to be
once science of one hand instead of
using two hands like this you can use
one hand so that's where the one-sided
come from with the one side core they
did change a lot on him in the mayor
come one he was supposed to have
stitches up here they look more sharp
light because his betta spirit is
supposed to be a shart so yeah they will
change the cards were on the dig give
the same eyes same laptop sticker and
little bottom finstad it and some other
side sticker that's it but most of those
Webster's has been torn apart oh yeah if
you want with this little space in the
Bears head for this for this for loading
the beer bars in there but a Japanese
one here a little plate covered it so
you know the big boss won't fall out
also it was kind of the idea so because
in the show where the one I'm Washington
which is the true Japanese one beam on
cost fight
they carry them like this we are
supposed to begin the beam on crossfire
which is American version to the widow
BMI across fight series supposed to
appear august twenty-third but it had
not Revere what channel is going to be
on yet they said that it might be on
Disney DX channel but of course it could
also be on the hub channel and it could
also be on Cartoon Network those are
three possible major channels that it
would possibly on more than likely from
what I've seen and what I said because I
checked didn't yet my elaysia channel on
YouTube and they showed this new series
a BMI crossfire but of course i was on a
disney that's my laser channel as far as
in the American US states we still have
no idea what channel is I'm just gonna
fall out there